Add plugin restrictions in enterprise (#721)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/advanced/plugins.md

You can compile it with the [emqx](https:://github.com/emqx/emqx) core project and package it into a working package through the package compilation tool [emqx-rel](https://github.com/emqx/emqx-rel).

::: danger

> EMQ X Enteprise does not provide source code, and does not support the development and compilation of plugins by customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQ X Enterprise edition customers are not provided with the source code.
EMQ provides no supports for customer developed plugins in their development, test or integration work
```
